---
published: true
layout: post
title: Day One
excerpt: Welcome to the world of financial trading speculation and forecasting. The random markets make unexpected and uneven moves which are unpredictable to predict accurately but some range may be found which can be interesting to see if any use will come out of the numbers.
---
## Day One

- AUDUSD 0.7970 TO 0.7940 Then fall down from there, tomorrows main number will be 0.7980

- EURUSD Tomorrows main number 1.2255 or 1.2332, 1.2240 and 1.2230 main number for the week

- USDCHF 0.9582 or 0.9678 are main numbers for tomorrow, 0.9700 OR 0.9575 Will be important for the week

- GBPUSD 1.3850  1.3954 OR 1.3745, TOMMOROW 1.3805  1.3840 1.3890

- USDJPY 110.91, NEXT WEEK 111.45 110.27, TOMORROW 111.01 110.48 111.10 AND 110.45

The five main currency pairs are Australian dollar, Euro, Swiss Frank,American dollar and Japanese Yen.

Welcome to the world of financial trading speculation and forecasting. The random markets make unexpected and uneven moves which are unpredictable to predict accurately but some range may be found which can be interesting to see if any use will come out of the numbers.

In the coming days we will discuss the various indicators that can be used in forex trading and or other trading situations with other financial instruments.

Financial instruments are various objects in the financial world used to get leverage, protect assets  or create wealth.

Discussions on these pages will look at what is unfolding in the financial markets everyday and the participants of this club will be able to get some face to face discussions during future meetings. 

What will be exciting for the participants will be that we will be able to try to anticipate what may happen the next day or next month while not investing anything or called paper trading which will help us painlessly understand the way the markets move.

Various members can bring in or suggest various ideas which can be tested in the days ahead. This will help us brainstorming ideas that may be workable.

These discussions can be interesting as days go by we may gain more insight into the workings of the financial world in various parts of the world.

So this website and blog will help anyone interested in finance and economics.

We will not be having any silent movements and the markets are moving in waves everyday. There will be bubbles,flash crashes,new concurrences emerging everyday,new financial instruments cropping up and also going into oblivion. Then there are the ever present commodities and especially the ever present oil.

So let us enjoy the fun. 

In this page some numbers about the main five forex pairs are given for us to think about in the coming days.
