---
published: true
layout: post
title: Day One
excerpt: It will be interesting to see what happened to the numbers from yesterday AUDUSD has mainly gone up today.
---
It will be interesting to see what happened to the numbers from yesterday AUDUSD has mainly gone up today.
If we had used the main number ie .7980 you will find the price was hitting the 0.7990 many times before going up to the 
0.8025 level giving us a 35 point profit and using a trend line another 10 point profit could have been made when the price came down later on.

EURUSD went up 2 times and came down two time so stayed in a channel giving over 102 points profit if we used trend lines and waited around.
Now did the numbers from yesterday help at all 1.2230 and 1.2255 were important in that the price went back and forth between these numbers 
giving the 25 times 4 100 points profit if anyone could have been bothered but I was at my day job etc.

Lets us see what the USDCHF or the Swissfranc did yesterday went up twice and came down twice or stayed in a channel
between .9602 and 9633 trend lines alone may have given you 60 points of profit. Did our numbers 
from yesterday do any good let us see.The numbers did not come very close .9582 and .9678 did not mean much yesterday but the price stayed between those numbers.
They may be important tomorrow.

GBPUSD opened with a gap of 30 points and then closed the gap coming downwards and then went upwards which went on further.
1.3870 for the initial period of the day and then went up 110 points which could all have been a profit if we could see this unfold.
1.3890 and 1.3954 were two numbers I gave yesterday and the price lingered at these levels for a long time before making other moves.
This would have easily given us 70 to 80 points profits easily if not more.

Now let us look at the last currency pair which is  USDJPY or Japanese Yen opened with a gap 24 points down at a level of 110.52
81 points could have been made by just using some trend lines. Even if we could not make 81 points 
a profit of 60 points could have been easily made.
Let us see if the numbers given yesterday could have been used to make any sensible profits  today

We can see the price staying between 110.45 and 111.45 and went up to 111.22 and following the forecasted number of 110.90
the price went up very fast with out any hesitation. It was also found that 110.45 a forecasted number from yesterday was 
the lowest price of Japanese YEN.

NOW LET US SEE IF WE CAN FORECAST SOME NUMBERS FOR TOMORROW THESE PREDICTIONS WILL BE THE CURIOSITY WHICH WILL KEEP US GOING

GBPUSD
1.3890. 1.3836,1.3920 Will be the numbers for tomorrow 1.3955 also will be important
EURUSD
1.2270, 1.2210, 1.2302, 1.2244
USDJPY
110.90, 110.54, 110.86, 111.05, 111.25
USDCHF
0.9616, 0.9592, 0.9641 0.9632
AUDUSD 
0.7996, 0.8020, 0.7985, 0.8042
We will see what are the prices that relate to this numbers. 
Please do not use these numbers for important financial decisions only use this for virtual trading or paper trading
See you tomorrow.
